now the
now the the Lord came to me son of man you dwell
the Lord came to me son of man you dwell
the Lord came to me son of man you dwell in the midst of a rebellious house which
in the midst of a rebellious house which
in the midst of a rebellious house which has eyes to see but does not see and
has eyes to see but does not see and
has eyes to see but does not see and ears to hear but does not hear for they
ears to hear but does not hear for they
ears to hear but does not hear for they are a rebellious us therefore the son of
are a rebellious us therefore the son of
are a rebellious us therefore the son of men prepare your belongings for
men prepare your belongings for
men prepare your belongings for captivity and go into captivity by day
captivity and go into captivity by day
captivity and go into captivity by day in their sight you shall go from your
in their sight you shall go from your
in their sight you shall go from your place into captivity to another place in
place into captivity to another place in
place into captivity to another place in their sight it may be that they will
their sight it may be that they will
their sight it may be that they will consider though they are a rebellious
consider though they are a rebellious
consider though they are a rebellious house by day you shall bring out your
house by day you shall bring out your
house by day you shall bring out your belongings in their sight as though
belongings in their sight as though
belongings in their sight as though going into captivity and at evening you
going into captivity and at evening you
going into captivity and at evening you shall go in their sight like those who
shall go in their sight like those who
shall go in their sight like those who go into captivity dig through the wall
go into captivity dig through the wall
go into captivity dig through the wall in their sight and carry your belongings
in their sight and carry your belongings
in their sight and carry your belongings out through it in their sight you shall
out through it in their sight you shall
out through it in their sight you shall bear them on your shoulders and carry
bear them on your shoulders and carry
bear them on your shoulders and carry them out at trial and you shall cover
them out at trial and you shall cover
them out at trial and you shall cover your face so that you cannot see the
your face so that you cannot see the
your face so that you cannot see the ground for I have made you a sign to the
ground for I have made you a sign to the
ground for I have made you a sign to the house of Israel so I did as I was
house of Israel so I did as I was
house of Israel so I did as I was commanded I brought out my belongings by
commanded I brought out my belongings by
commanded I brought out my belongings by day as though going into captivity and
day as though going into captivity and
day as though going into captivity and at evening I dug through the wall with
at evening I dug through the wall with
at evening I dug through the wall with my hand I brought them out at Twilight
my hand I brought them out at Twilight
my hand I brought them out at Twilight and I bore them on my shoulder in their
and I bore them on my shoulder in their
and I bore them on my shoulder in their sight
and in the morning the word of the Lord
and in the morning the word of the Lord came to me son of man has not the house
came to me son of man has not the house
came to me son of man has not the house of Israel the rebellious house said to
of Israel the rebellious house said to
of Israel the rebellious house said to you what are you doing say to them thus
you what are you doing say to them thus
you what are you doing say to them thus says the Lord God this burden concerns
says the Lord God this burden concerns
says the Lord God this burden concerns the Prince in Jerusalem and all the
the Prince in Jerusalem and all the
the Prince in Jerusalem and all the house of Israel who are among them say I
house of Israel who are among them say I
house of Israel who are among them say I am assigned to you as I have done so
am assigned to you as I have done so
am assigned to you as I have done so shall it be done to them they shall be
shall it be done to them they shall be
shall it be done to them they shall be carried away into captivity and the
carried away into captivity and the
carried away into captivity and the Prince who is among them shall bear his
Prince who is among them shall bear his
Prince who is among them shall bear his belongings on his shoulder at Twilight
belongings on his shoulder at Twilight
belongings on his shoulder at Twilight and go out they shall dig through the
and go out they shall dig through the
and go out they shall dig through the wall to carry them out through it he
wall to carry them out through it he
wall to carry them out through it he shall cover his face so that he cannot
shall cover his face so that he cannot
shall cover his face so that he cannot see the ground with his eyes I will also
see the ground with his eyes I will also
see the ground with his eyes I will also spread my net over him and he shall be
spread my net over him and he shall be
spread my net over him and he shall be caught in my snare I will bring him to
caught in my snare I will bring him to
caught in my snare I will bring him to Babylon to the land of the chaldeans yet
Babylon to the land of the chaldeans yet
Babylon to the land of the chaldeans yet he shall not see it though he shall die
he shall not see it though he shall die
he shall not see it though he shall die there I will scatter to every wind all
there I will scatter to every wind all
there I will scatter to every wind all who are around him to help him and all
who are around him to help him and all
who are around him to help him and all his troops and I will draw out the sword
his troops and I will draw out the sword
his troops and I will draw out the sword after them then they shall know that I
after them then they shall know that I
after them then they shall know that I am the Lord when I scatter them among
am the Lord when I scatter them among
am the Lord when I scatter them among the nations and dispersed them
the nations and dispersed them
the nations and dispersed them throughout the countries but I will
throughout the countries but I will
throughout the countries but I will spare a few of their men from the sword
spare a few of their men from the sword
spare a few of their men from the sword from famine and from pestilence that
from famine and from pestilence that
from famine and from pestilence that they may declare all their abominations
they may declare all their abominations
they may declare all their abominations among the Gentiles wherever they go then
among the Gentiles wherever they go then
among the Gentiles wherever they go then they shall know that I am the Lord
moreover the word of the Lord came to me
moreover the word of the Lord came to me son of man eat your bread with quaking
son of man eat your bread with quaking
son of man eat your bread with quaking and drink your water with trembling and
and drink your water with trembling and
and drink your water with trembling and anxiety and say to the people of the
anxiety and say to the people of the
anxiety and say to the people of the land thus says the Lord God to the
land thus says the Lord God to the
land thus says the Lord God to the inhabitants of Jerusalem and to the land
inhabitants of Jerusalem and to the land
inhabitants of Jerusalem and to the land of Israel they shall eat their bread
of Israel they shall eat their bread
of Israel they shall eat their bread with anxiety and drink their water with
with anxiety and drink their water with
with anxiety and drink their water with dread so that her land may be emptied of
dread so that her land may be emptied of
dread so that her land may be emptied of all who are in it because of the
all who are in it because of the
all who are in it because of the violence of all those who dwell in it
violence of all those who dwell in it
violence of all those who dwell in it then the cities that are inhabited shall
then the cities that are inhabited shall
then the cities that are inhabited shall be laid waste and the land shall become
be laid waste and the land shall become
be laid waste and the land shall become desolate and you shall know that I am
desolate and you shall know that I am
desolate and you shall know that I am the Lord and the word of the Lord came
the Lord and the word of the Lord came
the Lord and the word of the Lord came to me son of man what is this proverb
to me son of man what is this proverb
to me son of man what is this proverb that you people have about the land of
that you people have about the land of
that you people have about the land of Israel which says the days are prolonged
Israel which says the days are prolonged
Israel which says the days are prolonged and every vision fails tell them
and every vision fails tell them
and every vision fails tell them therefore thus says the Lord God
therefore thus says the Lord God
therefore thus says the Lord God I will lay this proverb to rest and they
I will lay this proverb to rest and they
I will lay this proverb to rest and they shall no more use it as a proverb in
shall no more use it as a proverb in
shall no more use it as a proverb in Israel but say to them the days are at
Israel but say to them the days are at
Israel but say to them the days are at hand and the fulfillment of every vision
hand and the fulfillment of every vision
hand and the fulfillment of every vision for no more shall there be any false
for no more shall there be any false
for no more shall there be any false vision or flattering divination within
vision or flattering divination within
vision or flattering divination within the house of Israel for I am the Lord I
the house of Israel for I am the Lord I
the house of Israel for I am the Lord I speak and the word which I speak will
speak and the word which I speak will
speak and the word which I speak will come to pass it will no more be
come to pass it will no more be
come to pass it will no more be postponed for in your days o rebellious
postponed for in your days o rebellious
postponed for in your days o rebellious house I will say the world and perform
house I will say the world and perform
house I will say the world and perform it again the word of the Lord came to me
it again the word of the Lord came to me
it again the word of the Lord came to me son of man look the house of Israel is
son of man look the house of Israel is
son of man look the house of Israel is saying the vision that he sees is for
saying the vision that he sees is for
saying the vision that he sees is for many days from now and he prophesies of
many days from now and he prophesies of
many days from now and he prophesies of times far-off therefore say to them thus
times far-off therefore say to them thus
times far-off therefore say to them thus says the Lord God none of my words will
says the Lord God none of my words will
says the Lord God none of my words will be postponed any more but the word which
be postponed any more but the word which
be postponed any more but the word which I speak will be done
I speak will be done
I speak will be done [Music]